Oh compared child, compared child
I already know
You don't have to tell me,
I know I'll never be as good as her
So please don't compare, no don't compare
Just leave me alone
My left side hurts and
it troubles me.
I always felt the gap between us
I was alive but I was aiming too high
A B C D E F G
No matter what I chose
I failed much more than I succeeded
and I only got hurt some more
Pain, O pain, go flying away
or so I keep wishing even though I know it’s pointless
And before I know it, I start to cry
How easy would it be if all this was put to an end
Just throw me away
Compared child, compared child
I know that already
It's just fate that people mock what I love the most
That’s how I gave up, yes I gave up already
Just leave me alone
But I keep dreaming about something, Ridiculous, isn't it?
It was only for a bit, just a short while
but I was facing it as my real true self
V W & X Y Z
No matter which side I'm on
it seems that my failures keep standing out
I think it just got worse
So dark, so dark, I got so scared
and before I knew it my body would not budge
I can't even see what I love
The girl right next to me had raised a flag
It’s too bright
Compared child, compared child
I'm alive in spite of it all
I can’t bring home any good results, but I am still alive
So I let go of my breath and closed my mouth
Just leave me alone
Then I will close my eyes, Finally it's the end
From parallel lines we cross our paths
Hey, let's put it all aside for now
I can't!
Oh compared child, compared child
I know it already
I know that my efforts won't go rewarded, even 'til the end
So don’t mind me and don’t talk to me
Just leave me alone
If only I knew right from the start
that I'd come to hate you
Compared child, compared child
I know she's talking to me
She's making assumptions because she can't see anything
so remember this and don't you forget it anymore
I actually love you so much
You stopped breathing
as I embraced you
The two of them linking hands.